Update 128-bit trace id instructions (#25736)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/send_traces_to_agent_by_api.md

| `service`    | string  | The service you are tracing. The service name must not be longer than 100 characters. |
| `span_id`    | int64   | The span integer (64-bit unsigned) ID. |
| `start`      | int64   | The start time of the request in nanoseconds from the UNIX epoch. |

> | `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64-bits of the unique integer ID of the trace containing this span. Set any upper 64-bits by setting the tag `_dd.p.tid` in hex-encoded lowercase. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64-bits of the unique integer ID of the trace containing this span. Set any upper 64-bits by setting the tag `_dd.p.tid` in hex-encoded lowercase in `meta`. |
```

> | `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64-bits of the unique integer ID of the trace containing this span. Set any upper 64-bits by setting the tag `_dd.p.tid` in hex-encoded lowercase in `meta`. |

Reviewer 2: Not clear to me whether in `_dd.p.tid` the user should set only the upper 64 bits or all 128 bits hex-encoded.

> | `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64-bits of the unique integer ID of the trace containing this span. For a 128-bit trace ID set the upper 64-bits on the tag `_dd.p.tid` in hex-encoded lowercase in `meta`. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64 bits of the unique integer ID for the trace containing this span. For a 128-bit trace ID, set the upper 64 bits using the `_dd.p.tid` tag in hex-encoded lowercase format in the `meta` field. |
```

> | `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64 bits of the unique integer ID for the trace containing this span. For a 128-bit trace ID, set the upper 64 bits using the `_dd.p.tid` tag in hex-encoded lowercase format in the `meta` field. |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `trace_id`   | int64   | The lower 64 bits of the unique integer ID for the trace containing this span. For a 128-bit trace ID, use the `_dd.p.tid` tag in hex-encoded lowercase format in the `meta` field to set the upper 64 bits. |
```
